Welcome to the Mel Robbins Podcast. I'm so excited you're here today because we
have an incredible conversation about feeling good in your body.
Today's guest is going to share four expert steps that will help you feel more
confident starting right now. This is a conversation that could truly change how
you see yourself.
Thank you so much for having me, Mel. I'm thrilled to be here to talk about body
confidence because it's something that affects so many of us.
Absolutely. Let's dive right in. What's the first step someone can take today to
start feeling better in their body?
The first step is really about changing your internal dialogue. Most of us have
a very critical voice when it comes to our bodies.
We need to start by becoming aware of that voice and then actively working to
shift it to something more compassionate and supportive.
That's so powerful. Can you give us an example of how someone might do that?
Of course. Instead of looking in the mirror and immediately focusing on what you
don't like, try to find one thing you appreciate about your body.
It could be something as simple as "my legs are strong and they carried me
through my day" or "my arms allow me to hug the people I love."
I love that reframe. It's about gratitude and function rather than just
appearance.
Exactly. The second step builds on this - it's about movement for joy, not
punishment.
Tell me more about that. I think so many people exercise because they feel they
have to, not because they want to.
Right. We've been conditioned to think of exercise as a way to "burn off" food
or "fix" our bodies. But what if we moved simply because it feels good?
Find movement that brings you joy - dancing, walking in nature, playing with
your kids. It doesn't have to be a grueling gym session.
This is such an important shift in mindset. What's the third step?